README.md, before:

# Healthy Web App

![Healthy Web App Banner](public/images/hero1.jpg)

A modern, multilingual healthcare platform built with Next.js 15, offering a seamless experience for patients and healthcare providers. The application features a beautiful, responsive design with smooth animations and comprehensive healthcare information.

## 🌟 Features

- **Multilingual Support**: Built-in support for Arabic and English languages
- **Modern UI/UX**: Beautiful, responsive design with smooth animations
- **Performance Optimized**: Built with Next.js 15 and Turbopack for blazing-fast performance
- **Dark Mode**: Seamless dark/light mode support
- **Interactive Components**: Engaging UI elements with Framer Motion animations
- **Analytics**: Integrated with Vercel Analytics and Speed Insights
- **SEO Optimized**: Built with schema.org support for better search engine visibility

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org/) with Turbopack
- **Language**: [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) with custom animations
- **UI Components**: [Radix UI](https://www.radix-ui.com/) primitives
- **Animations**: [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- **Icons**: [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/)
- **Internationalization**: [next-intl](https://next-intl-docs.vercel.app/)
- **Theming**: [next-themes](https://github.com/pacocoursey/next-themes)
- **Charts**: [Recharts](https://recharts.org/)

## 📦 Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-org/healthy-web-app.git
   cd healthy-web-app
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## 🚀 Deployment

The application is optimized for deployment on Vercel:

```bash
npm run build
npm start
```

## 📱 Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
healthy-web-app/
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   ├── pages/
│   │   │   └── sections/
│   │   ├── ui/
│   │   └── Footer/
│   ├── app/
│   │   └── [locale]/
│   ├── lib/
│   └── styles/
├── public/
│   └── images/
└── messages/
```

## 🔧 Environment Variables

Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory:

```env
NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL=http://localhost:3000
```

## 📝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 👥 Authors

- **Healthy Cure Team** - _Initial work_

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Next.js team for the amazing framework
- All contributors and maintainers
- The open-source community

## 📞 Contact

For any inquiries, please contact:

- Email: info@healthy.eg
- Phone: +20 050 2338989
- Address: 14 Sherif El-Rady St., Old Tawriel, Mansoura, Egypt

---

Made with ❤️ by Healthy Cure

Commit message:

Add GitHub Pages deployment instructions to README.md

README.md, after:

# Healthy Web App

![Healthy Web App Banner](public/images/hero1.jpg)

A modern, multilingual healthcare platform built with Next.js 15, offering a seamless experience for patients and healthcare providers. The application features a beautiful, responsive design with smooth animations and comprehensive healthcare information.

## 🌟 Features

- **Multilingual Support**: Built-in support for Arabic and English languages
- **Modern UI/UX**: Beautiful, responsive design with smooth animations
- **Performance Optimized**: Built with Next.js 15 and Turbopack for blazing-fast performance
- **Dark Mode**: Seamless dark/light mode support
- **Interactive Components**: Engaging UI elements with Framer Motion animations
- **Analytics**: Integrated with Vercel Analytics and Speed Insights
- **SEO Optimized**: Built with schema.org support for better search engine visibility

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Next.js 15](https://nextjs.org/) with Turbopack
- **Language**: [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- **Styling**: [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) with custom animations
- **UI Components**: [Radix UI](https://www.radix-ui.com/) primitives
- **Animations**: [Framer Motion](https://www.framer.com/motion/)
- **Icons**: [Lucide React](https://lucide.dev/)
- **Internationalization**: [next-intl](https://next-intl-docs.vercel.app/)
- **Theming**: [next-themes](https://github.com/pacocoursey/next-themes)
- **Charts**: [Recharts](https://recharts.org/)

## 📦 Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-org/healthy-web-app.git
   cd healthy-web-app
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## 🚀 Deployment

The application is optimized for deployment on Vercel:

```bash
npm run build
npm start
```

### GitHub Pages Deployment

To deploy on GitHub Pages:

1. Make sure your repository is public (GitHub Pages for private repositories requires GitHub Enterprise)
2. Push changes to the main branch
3. The GitHub Actions workflow will automatically build and deploy to the gh-pages branch

## 📱 Browser Support

- Chrome (latest)
- Firefox (latest)
- Safari (latest)
- Edge (latest)

## 🏗️ Project Structure

```
healthy-web-app/
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   ├── pages/
│   │   │   └── sections/
│   │   ├── ui/
│   │   └── Footer/
│   ├── app/
│   │   └── [locale]/
│   ├── lib/
│   └── styles/
├── public/
│   └── images/
└── messages/
```

## 🔧 Environment Variables

Create a `.env.local` file in the root directory:

```env
NEXT_PUBLIC_SITE_URL=http://localhost:3000
```

## 📝 Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## 👥 Authors

- **Healthy Cure Team** - _Initial work_

## 🙏 Acknowledgments

- Next.js team for the amazing framework
- All contributors and maintainers
- The open-source community

## 📞 Contact

For any inquiries, please contact:

- Email: info@healthy.eg
- Phone: +20 050 2338989
- Address: 14 Sherif El-Rady St., Old Tawriel, Mansoura, Egypt

---

Made with ❤️ by Healthy Cure
